src/common/wordLists/README.md, before:

## Raw word lists

`raw/wordnik.txt` is an opensource wordlist from [Wordnik](https://github.com/wordnik/wordlist). It contains ~200,000 entries, plus a few entries that were added as per user request.

`raw/wiki.txt` is the word frequency on Wikipedia, compiled by https://github.com/IlyaSemenov/wikipedia-word-frequency. It contains ~2.6 million entries, including non-English entries.

`raw/gutenberg.txt` is the 40,000 most common words on Project Gutenberg, as compiled in the April 16, 2006 [list by Wiktionary](https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/Wiktionary:Frequency_lists#English).

`raw/movies.txt` is the 10,000 most common words from movies and TV, as compiled in the 2006 [list by Wiktionary](https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/Wiktionary:Frequency_lists#English).

## Processed word lists

All files were processed into files that contain words that also exist in the Wordnik list.

`processed/gutenberg.txt` is `raw/gutenberg.txt` minus words that do not exist in `raw/wordnik.txt`. `processed/gutenberg_processor.py` is the script that generated this file.

`processed/movies.txt` is `raw/movies.txt` minus words that do not exist in `raw/wordnik.txt`. `processed/movies_processor.py` is the script that generated this file.

`processed/wiki.txt` is `raw/wiki.txt`, minus words that words that do not exist in `raw/wordnik.txt` or that are used < 1000 times on Wikipedia. `processed/wiki_frequency_processor.py` is the script that generated this file.

`raw/wordnik.txt` required no processing.

## Compiled word lists

`compiled/commonWords.txt`consists of words that are on common to wordnik, wiki, and gutenberg AND words that are common to wordnik and movies. In addition, the list excludes the manually compiled `compiles/notActuallyCommon.txt` that were deemed subjectively not common and includes the manually compiled `compiles/notActuallyUncommon.txt` that were deemed subjectively not uncommon.

`compiled/uncommonWords.json` consists of all of the wordnik words that are not in `compiled/commonWords.txt`.

These files were generated by `compiled/compile.py`.

Commit message:

document omission of offensive words

src/common/wordLists/README.md, after:

## Raw word lists

`raw/wordnik.txt` is an opensource wordlist from [Wordnik](https://github.com/wordnik/wordlist). It contains ~200,000 entries, plus a few entries that were added as per user request.

`raw/wiki.txt` is the word frequency on Wikipedia, compiled by https://github.com/IlyaSemenov/wikipedia-word-frequency. It contains ~2.6 million entries, including non-English entries.

`raw/gutenberg.txt` is the 40,000 most common words on Project Gutenberg, as compiled in the April 16, 2006 [list by Wiktionary](https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/Wiktionary:Frequency_lists#English).

`raw/movies.txt` is the 10,000 most common words from movies and TV, as compiled in the 2006 [list by Wiktionary](https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/Wiktionary:Frequency_lists#English).

`LDNOOBW.txt` is the "list of dirty, naughty, obscene, and otherwise bad words" from [LDNOOBW](https://github.com/LDNOOBW/List-of-Dirty-Naughty-Obscene-and-Otherwise-Bad-Words), minus multi-word phrases, minus words not in `raw/wordnik.txt`, minus words that were subjectively deemed to be non-offensive due to a non-slang or scientific meaning, plus variations of words.

## Processed word lists

Files were processed into files that contain words that also exist in the Wordnik list.

`processed/gutenberg.txt` is `raw/gutenberg.txt` minus words that do not exist in `raw/wordnik.txt`, minus words from `LDNOOBW.txt`. `processed/gutenberg_processor.py` is the script that generated this file.

`processed/movies.txt` is `raw/movies.txt` minus words that do not exist in `raw/wordnik.txt`, minus words from `LDNOOBW.txt`. `processed/movies_processor.py` is the script that generated this file.

`processed/wiki.txt` is `raw/wiki.txt`, minus words that words that do not exist in `raw/wordnik.txt` or that are used < 1000 times on Wikipedia, minus words from `LDNOOBW.txt`. `processed/wiki_frequency_processor.py` is the script that generated this file.

## Compiled word lists

`compiled/commonWords.txt` consists of words that are on common to wordnik, wiki, and gutenberg AND words that are common to wordnik and movies. It omits words from `LDNOOBW.txt`. In addition, the list excludes the manually compiled `compiles/notActuallyCommon.txt` that were deemed subjectively not common and includes the manually compiled `compiles/notActuallyUncommon.txt` that were deemed subjectively not uncommon.

`compiled/uncommonWords.json` consists of all of the wordnik words that are not in `compiled/commonWords.txt`, minus words from `LDNOOBW.txt`.

These files were generated by `compiled/compile.py`.
