src/Todo.md, before:

# TODO

## General

- set up precommit hooks to auto run linters and tests
- set up autodeploy and tests
- enums
- multiplayer play or way to share?
- errors/error boundaries
- works on desktop too?
- curate common list
- make styling per file
- add install button https://web.dev/customize-install/
- add test to maks sure common exclusion/additions don't share words

## Gribbles

- easy: The computer knows 20,000 words. See if you can find all the words that the computer finds, and rack up bonus points for extra words.
- standard: The computer knows 200,000 words.

## Thirdle

- allow to control whether one or multi space?
- allow to specify number of spaces?
- allow to specify word length?
- allow to specify number of letters given in clue

## Palette

- tests

## Other ideas

Interword: Make cross word, but only show letters at intersections. player needs to fill in remaining letters. Any known word that matches intersection letters works. Alternative: instead of showing grid spaces to fill, just show number of letters/blanks in that row like nonagrams.

spatial: arrange words into crossword. maybe have islands or irregular boundary.

solichar (solitaire with letters)

lettris (tetris with letters)

blobbles: palette but with shapes instead

word rush: colored letters, trying to get combos of colors to reach score before time ends

Commit message:

add info about gribbles settings

src/Todo.md, after:

# TODO

## General

- set up precommit hooks to auto run linters and tests
- set up autodeploy and tests
- enums
- multiplayer play or way to share?
- errors/error boundaries
- works on desktop too?
- curate common list
- make styling per file
- add install button https://web.dev/customize-install/
- add test to make sure common exclusion/additions don't share words
- add way to share app url
- add way to share url with specific game settings

## Gribbles

## Thirdle

- allow to control whether one or multi space?
- allow to specify number of spaces?
- allow to specify word length?
- allow to specify number of letters given in clue

## Palette

- tests

## Other ideas

Interword: Make cross word, but only show letters at intersections. player needs to fill in remaining letters. Any known word that matches intersection letters works. Alternative: instead of showing grid spaces to fill, just show number of letters/blanks in that row like nonagrams.

spatial: arrange words into crossword. maybe have islands or irregular boundary.

solichar (solitaire with letters)

lettris (tetris with letters)

blobbles: palette but with shapes instead

word rush: colored letters, trying to get combos of colors to reach score before time ends
